well Blizzcon day two is wrapping up
let's write Blizzcon 2017 it's almost
done
I'm here with covers presented by omen
by HP joined by this guy's toast is that
your name disguise toast oh the disguise
yeah it's it's a pun yeah have you ever
received any accolades for that name has
anybody ever said that's a really good
name oh yeah I think this is a nice show
talk host Conan O'Brien
I believe his words were this is the
greatest gaming name in history oh
that's a bet that's not bad I think
Travis is a pretty good name I don't
know either way let's talk about your
Blizzcon experience what was this year
like for you it was incredible because
this is the first day I get to
participate in the big hearthstone event
I got eliminated on day one and my team
was the only one to do so so that kind
of brought things down a bit but barring
that it was great very good what did you
find time to do on day 2 I checked out I
checked out of the overwatch arena a bit
it was pretty hyped before I was like
there's no way overwatch League works
out but after checking I was like you
know what maybe it has a chance
it was pretty hyped in there and bought
some stuff from the gear store and
mostly hung around took pictures
meet-and-greets fun stuff fun stuff so
what did you think of all the horror
announcements this year all the
hearthstone announcements this year it
was pretty there was a lot to take in
you got upgrades yeah like artifacts you
got like legendary weapons for everyone
so they say this is the best Horsham
expansion ever the designers so I have
really high expectations I talked to
Rena yesterday he wasn't happy about
recruit
I mean Rena you know he hates a lot of
things but I know he's not a big fan of
like Barnes like Kellis at any high
variance cards so I can see why he's a
bit unhappy what about the single player
roguelike mode that I'm currently
forgetting the name of it's like the
dungeon stuff right engine run I tried
it we had a demo station you can beat
three bosses but usually a run takes up
to nine bosses it was really easy but
they said they cranked down the
difficulty for this one so I'm excited
they said it's very playable and very
difficult so time will tell
hey I feel like can you give me a
breakdown a little bit about something's
very excited to see you dear God all
right can you give me a breakdown
because I I know so I kind of sit on the
sidelines of hearthstone a lot of my
viewers are similar I think in that we
know a lot of personalities I remember
you as like the first time I remember
seeing you is you're like this YouTube
dude just pointing out problems with the
mechanics a little bit and then there
was like a toast cutout thing that you
had on your face and now you're
competing on the stuff like what's been
your path if you can give me that well
it's I started pretty unknown so I
started like two years into the game
where everyone was established I just
made infographics and post it on reddit
did that for a few months and I made a
couple YouTube videos like pointing out
weird interactions did that for two
years and then I started streaming and
it's like people enjoyed my content from
before so they checked me out and I just
drew my stream so it was a very like
baby step process and took a long time
but now I'm here did you know that you
were headed in this trajectory as you
started doing this stuff not really I
think for me it was just like hey you
know people that went in for graphics
like make good infographics and when I
started doing YouTube stuff it's like
hey let's just be a really good youtube
hearthstone channel and eventually like
every time you think yeah maybe we can
try something new and just do that so
it's really unexpected the stream kind
blew up over the last year and I'm still
finding myself in this streaming world
yeah did you ever like a job you had to
quit for all this stuff no I was I just
finished college so before I got held
down by a ball and chain try to take
some risk yeah is that how this works by
the way is it are you putting your
college degree to good use yeah you know
being a entertainer on stream it really
comes in handy when you have a math
degree it's like
hmm how can I apply this theoretical
equation to become a better streamer and
it doesn't help
there's no finally speaking about all
this stuff you now no longer have to pay
rent congratulations because you have
moved in as you've officially moved in
now right to the offline TV house yes
but I do still pay rent do you pay rent
he charges you rent no it's not like he
wants the money it's more like hey well
we gotta make sure you're a responsible
product of society you can't just free
loaf here it's very little for the
location and you know the comfort but
yeah I do parent we're talking about
score of course I've been to that house
there's like a dog running around eating
cockroaches like it's a it's a disaster
and so I feel like we can officially
know that I thought you pay rent I I
thought for a while he was like pitting
people up I think we can officially call
scara's slumlord what'd you call him
that
I would like I think the first day I
moved in
not even like bought new furniture he
just bangs on my doors like hey where's
my money I'm like I I did I haven't had
a chance to go to the ATM I'm from
Canada but he he wasn't having it what
are you excited to do all this stuff you
are I think maybe the first or eat well
there was overwatch people before and so
maybe you're the first hearthstone
person right yeah it's exciting because
the hearthstone community were very
isolated from the other games we just
play our card games and that's it so
like moving into a house with like
League of Legends streamers like the
Normie streamers it's so what you're
that these guys are the norm Eastern
Area legends the Normie game let's be
honest I'm sorry but you are the normies
our story's a little weird I'll agree
with that yeah there's everything that
happens there's very very strange I seen
so many strange things is there anything
that you want to say toast to any of the
fans out there anybody the viewers they
didn't watch this the hearthstone
subreddit that loves you and sometimes
hates you I don't know yeah I mean shout
out to the hearthstone subreddit you
guys kick start my career even though we
have a rocky relationship these days I'm
still trying my best and shout to any
League viewers
I don't play League
nerve it's free-to-play and I heard I
want to say something to you like you
know get their love is it like nerf
Gallio Orton sensor Arden sensor is bad
because it every support builds it and
this peeling meta it's gotta go
could you it would actually be really
funny for April Fool's if you did a
video about the bugs in League of
Legends every pretty good I'd love to
see that maybe you can get some help
from the the house anybody anything else
do you have to say I love all of you
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things Blizzcon right
here on my youtube channel subscribe
here
thanks so much to omen for supporting
our content this weekend they are now in
an official overwatch league partner be
sure to follow them over at omen by HP
on Twitter for more updates